Q1 : What is the difference between Java & JavaScript?

A1.Java is OOP or Object Oriented Programming language whereas Javascript is Object based scripting language.
   Java requires a large amount of memory and in Javascript memory consumption is lesser than java.
   Java should be compiled before execution and Javascript need to be integrated into the HTML program for execution.

Q2. What is JavaScript?
A2. Javascript is a scripting language well known for development of web pages
    JavaScript can be used for Client-side developments as well as Server-side developments. JavaScript is both an imperative and declarative type of language. 
   JavaScript contains a standard library of objects, like Array, Date, and Math, and a core set of language elements like operators, control structures, and statements. 

Q3. What are the data types supported by JavaScript?
A3. The Data types by javascript are as follows
    1.String 2.Number 3.BigInt 4.Boolean 5.Undefined 6.Null 7.Object 8.Symbol.

Q4. What are the scopes of a variable in JavaScript?
A4. The scopes of variable in javascript are as 
    1.var: The oldest way to declare variables. It has function scope and is hoisted.
    2.let: Introduced in ECMAScript 6 (ES6). It has block scope and is also hoisted.
    3.const: Also introduced in ES6. It is used to declare constants and has block scope. Unlike let, a const variable cannot be reassigned.


Q5. What is Callback?
A5. A callback function is a function passed into another function as an argument, 
    which is then invoked inside the outer function to complete some kind of routine or action. 

Q6. What is Closure? Give an example.
A6. The function sayName() from this example is a closure. A closure is a function which has access to the variable from another function's scope.
     This is accomplished by creating a function inside a function. Of course, the outer function does not have access to the inner scope.

Q7. What is the difference between the operators ‘==‘ & ‘===‘?
A7. The main difference between the two operators is how they compare values.
    The == operator compares the values of two variables after performing type conversion if necessary.
    On the other hand, the === operator compares the values of two variables without performing type conversion.

Q8. What is the difference between null & undefined?
A8. In JavaScript, null and undefined are two distinct types that represent different values. 
    By definition, undefined means a variable has been declared but has not yet been assigned a value, 
    whereas null is an assignment value, meaning that a variable has been declared and given the value of null.


Q9.Q10. What is the difference between Call & Apply?
A9. Call is a function that you use to change the value of this inside a function and execute it with the arguments provided.
    Apply is very similar to the call function. The only difference is that in apply you can pass an array as an argument list.
    


   