1. what are the benefits of using CSS?
1. Faster page speed more code means slower page speed. Better user experience .CSS not only
   makes web easy and it also allows for user friendly formatting.
   Quicker development time,compability across devices.

2. What are the disadvantages of CSS?
2. disadvantages of css
    CSS result in creating of confusion among web browsers. With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. 
    The web developers need to test for compatibility, running the program across multiple browsers.
    There exists a scarcity of security.
    After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers.

3. What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
3. Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, 
   which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts,
   like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast. CSS2, designers could only use “web-safe fonts” 
   for being 100% sure to use fonts that would always display the same on every machine.

4. Name a few CSS style components
4. There are 3 types of CSS style components.
   1.Inline CSS
   2.Internal /Emebedded CSS
   3.External CSS

5. What do you understand by CSS opacity? 
5. The opacity property sets the opacity level for an element.The opacity-level describes the transparency-level, where 1 is not transparent at all,
   0.5 is 50% see-through, and 0 is completely transparent.When using the opacity property to add transparency to the background of an element,
   all of its child elements become transparent as well.

6. How can the background color of an element be changed? 
6. To add background color in HTML, use the CSS background-color property. Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. 
   Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

7. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
7. This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image.
   The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically.
   It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.

8. What is the use of the background-position property? 
8. The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.
    By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally. 

9. Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
9. The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

10. Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
10. It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color,
    the complexity will further increase.Color is an inherited property while the background is not. So this can make confusion further.

11. How to center block elements using CSS1? 
11. There are two steps to center a block level element
    1. We need to define the external width. Block-level elements have the default width of 100% of the webpage, 
    so for centering the block element, we need space around it. So for generating the space, we are giving it a width.
    2. Since we produced a remaining space by providing external width so now we need to align that space properly that’s why we should use 
    margin property. 
    Margin is a property that tells how to align a remaining space. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto.

12. How to maintain the CSS specifications?
12. The specification defines how CSS properties should be implemented by the browser vendors along with detailed algorithm,
     code samples and tabular information.
    The specification also include :
    1.The syntax and data types of the language 
    2.Detailed explaination on CSS Selectors
    3.How u can assign values to properties
    4.The Cascade(the "C" in CSS )
    5.How inheritance works

13. What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
13. CSS can be added to HTML documents in three ways.
   1.Inline- by using <style> attribute inside HTML elements
   2.Internal- by using <style> element in the <head> section
   3.External-by using a <link> element to link to a external css file.

14. What is embedded style sheets? 
14. It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.
    This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.  

15. What are the external style sheets?
15. The external style sheet is generally used when you want to make changes on multiple pages. 
    It is ideal for this condition because it facilitates you to change the look of the entire web site by changing just one file.
    It uses the <link> tag on every pages and the <link> tag should be put inside the head section.
    Ex. <head>  
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mystyle.css">  
    </head>  

16. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
16. The advantages of External Style Sheets are:

   - Using them, the styles of multiple documents can be controlled from one file.
   - Classes can be created for use on multiple HTML element types in many documents.
   - In complex situations, selector and grouping methods can be used to apply styles.

    The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are:

   - In order to import style information for each document, an extra download is needed.
   - Until the external style sheet is loaded, it may not be possible to render the document.

17. What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
17. A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule.
    It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected 
    to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

18. What are the media types allowed by CSS?
18. There are some media types like:
    1.all:- Used for all media types
    2.Print:- Used for printers
    3.Screen:- Used for computer screens,tablets,smart-phones etc.
    4.Speech:- Used for screenreaders that reada the page loud.

19. What is rule set?
19. Each declaration block is preceded by one on more comma-seperated selectors, which are conditions selecting some
   elements of the page. A selector group and an associated declarations block, together are called a ruleset.

20. Create layouts
20. A website is often divided into headers,menu,content and a footer.
    1.Header
      A header is ususally located at the top of the website.
    2.Navigation bar
     A navigation bar contains a list of links to help visitors navigating through the website.
    3.Content
     The layout in this section, often depends on the target users. The most common layout is 
     one of the following :-
    1.column (used for mobile browsers)
    2.column (used for tablets and laptops)
    3.column (used for desktops)