Q1. What is React Js?
A1. React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces (UIs) on the web. 
   React is a declarative, component based library that allows developers to build reusable UI components 
   and It follows the Virtual DOM (Document Object Model) approach, which optimizes rendering performance by minimizing DOM updates.
   React is fast and works well with other tools and libraries.

Q2.What is NPM in React Js?
A2. npm is an abbreviation used for the node package manager. It is a package manager for JavaScript. 
   It is the default package manager that comes with NodeJS when you install it. 
   It consists of a command-line interface and an online database of public packages and private packages that
   are paid which is called the npm Registry.

Q3. What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
A3. Node.js enables the creation of scalable and quick back-end RESTful APIs.
    On the other hand, React is a front-end library that creates interactive user interfaces. 
    With both tools, you can fast build complex and scalable web apps.
    Node is the most popular platform for hosting and running web servers for React apps. 
    After all, using NPM (Node Package Manager), you can install any package with NPM command-line interface CLI. 
   Moreover, Node utilizes Webpack and other modules to turn a React application into an easily compilable single file. 
   Though you may face struggles to work with both technologies in absence of required expertise.
    You must avail Node.js development services from a reputed company to tackle technical issues and execute the task with precision.

Q4. What is CLI command In React Js?
A4. React has its own command-line interface (CLI) commands. However, these CLI commands are currently only used to 
    create a passable version of a react application using the command line. This will contain a default template as its design, 
    so all the react application created this way will have great consistency as they all have same structure.

Q5.What is Component in react js ?.
A5.A Component is considered as the core building blocks of a React application. It makes the task of building UIs much easier.
   Each component exists in the same space, but they work independently from one another and merge all in a parent component, 
   which will be the final UI of your application.

   Every React component have their own structure, methods as well as APIs. 
   They can be reusable as per your need. For better understanding, consider the entire UI as a tree.
   Here, the root is the starting component, and each of the other pieces becomes branches, which are further divided into sub-branches.


Q6. What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
Q6. In a React application, Header and Content components are examples of UI components that serve specific purposes. 
    The Header component might contain elements such as navigation menus, branding, and other information that appears at the top of the page. 
    The Content component could hold the main content of the application, including text, images, forms, and other user interface elements.

Q7. How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?
A7. Install Node.js: React applications rely on Node.js. Download and install Node.js from the official website: https://nodejs.org/

    Install React: Once Node.js is installed, you can install React using the following command in your terminal or command prompt:
    npm install -g create-react-app

    Check NPM Version: To check the version of NPM, you can use the following command:
    npm -v

Q8. How to check version of React Js?
A8  To check the version of Reactjs 
    We can use NPM COMMAND LINE METHOD 
    npm view react version

Q9. How to change in components of React Js?
A9. Identify the Component: Locate the component you want to modify in your project's source code.

    Make Changes: Open the component file and make the necessary modifications to its logic, rendering, or styling.

    Save Changes: Save the file.




